# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}

=head1 NAME

ncm-one_proxy: Authentication Config. for StratusLab Cloud

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module handles the configuration for the StratusLab
authentication proxy.  Three files are managed in the
/opt/jetty-7/etc/login directory: login.conf, login-pswd.conf, and
login-cert.conf. 

=head1 RESOURCES

All paths are prefixed with /software/components/one_proxy/config. 

=head2 users_by_pswd/<username>

Information for a particular authorized user.

=head3 password

The plain text, MD5 hashed, or crypted password.  For the MD5 hashed
or crypted passwords use entries like:
"MD5:3c7f506040bffb0aada69cfd5b101f4b" or "CRYPT:mex9p3FrDbbSc".

=head3 groups

List of groups for the user.  The default is to include a single group
'cloud-access'. 

=head2 users_by_cert/<dn>

Information for a particular authorized user by certificate.  The DN
of the user must be escaped. 

=head3 groups

List of groups for the user.  The default is to include a single group
'cloud-access'. 

=head2 jaas/<entry_name>/login_modules/<n>

A list of the login modules for a particular JAAS entry.  

=head3 name

The class name of the login module to use.

=head3 flag

The flag for the login module.  It must be one of the following
values: 'required', 'requisite', 'sufficient', 'optional'.  See the
JAAS specifications for the meaning of each. 

=head3 options

A hash containing the options for the login module.

=head1 AUTHOR

${author-info}

=cut
